When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I would want to publish my project in order to make it possilbe for collaboration 
    of other members on it, code review, project sharing or simply make a cloud backup copy 
    of my local repository.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I want to control when to pull content and what branch to pull from my remote.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Clone copies repository from GitHub to local (or from local to local).
    Fork copies repository from GitHub to GitHub. Branch splits current repository
    (local or remote) on two branches. I will use fork to make a remote copy while
    preserving reference towards original. Clone can den be used to copy forked repository 
    to local or to copy from local to local. Branch will be used when wanting to make 
    a version of current repository which could be possible merge again with original.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    That way we are able to determine if the remote repository has some new commits since we 
    have last time fetched from it. This makes it possible to decide whether merge commit or  
    fast forward commit will be applied.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I could use e-mail service to initialy share my project repository and to later note some or all
    colaborators on changges I am making in projects. Or I could use cloud drive service
    (dropbox, google-drive etc.) to emulate a storage for git-hubs remote repository functionality and 
    then I would make notices via e-mail sender lists about changes in repository. And vice-versa,  
    they could notice me about their updates in repository too.
    Handling merge conflicts would be much harder because there is no commit labels and graphical
    user interface to coordinate the process. Also there is no predefined set of GIT commands which 
    unify and standardise user actions of colaborating on repository maintenance. All that could be 
    harder to emulate manually ...

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When I would want to include others in collaboration about commiting theese changes: code reviewing 
    and commenting proposed changes before finally beong accepted and merged into master branch. The benefit
    would be stonger focus on collaboration and the benefit of the direkt pushing/pulling form to master remote 
    branch is simpler confict resolving scenario.
